Updated envoy website URLs to new domain (#13772)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2017/0.1-auth/index.md

### Communication security

> Service-to-service communication is tunneled through high performance client side and server side [Envoy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/) proxies. The communication between the proxies is secured using mutual TLS. The benefit of using mutual TLS is that the service identity is not expressed as a bearer token that can be stolen or replayed from another source. Istio authentication also introduces the concept of Secure Naming to protect from a server spoofing attacks - the client side proxy verifies that the authenticated server's service account is allowed to run the named service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service-to-service communication is tunneled through high performance client side and server side {{<gloss envoy>}}Envoy{{</gloss>}} proxies. The communication between the proxies is secured using mutual TLS. The benefit of using mutual TLS is that the service identity is not expressed as a bearer token that can be stolen or replayed from another source. Istio authentication also introduces the concept of Secure Naming to protect from a server spoofing attacks - the client side proxy verifies that the authenticated server's service account is allowed to run the named service.
```
